Disney buddies one two threes
let's count to 1 1 yeah
oh it's the claw can you use it to grab
one alien one you grabbed one alien that
was fun
let's count to two one two
can you make these two buddies less
money
one two cool counting's you cleaned two
cars
let's count to three one two three three
can you help Maurice add three gears to
his invention one two three
we added all three gears
let's count to four
one two three four
or stitch is full of surprises
can you count all of his arms 1/3 or wow
you counted all four arms
let's count to five one two three four
five five Oh No baymax is deep landing
use the tape to fix the five leaks one
two three four five high five you fixed
all five leaks
let's count to six one two three four
five six six can you find six toys one
three three three five six oh boy
you found six toys
let's count to 7 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 7 can you
help Donald put 7 shapes in place yeah
to you yeah yeah yes yes 7 spectacular
you placed all seven shapes
let's count to 8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 8 can
you help Mobley balance 8 coconuts
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
you counted eight that's great
let's count to nine one two three four
five six seven eight nine nine can you
help
rabbit and Pooh pick nine carrots one
two three four five six seven eight nine
that's mighty fine
you found all nine let's count to ten
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten
ten can you help Alice paint ten roses
red one three four five six seven eight
nine ten terrific you painted ten roses
red let's count to 11
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten eleven eleven can you place
eleven of Ariel's treasures on the
shelves
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten eleven excellent work you
placed eleven treasures
let's count to 12
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten eleven twelve twelve
can you help Bambi count twelve flowers
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten eleven twelve now bats
flowerpower you counted all twelve
let's count to 13 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12 13 13
can you help Carl give 13 balloons to
Russell 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 13
balloons wonderful counting
let's count to 14 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12 13 14
14 can you help sleepy dig-dig-dig 414
gems 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14
incredible work you counted 14 gems
let's count to 15 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12 13 14 15 15 can you help Simba
count 15 stars 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
12 13 14 15 fantastic
you found 15 stars and Mufasa
let's count to 16
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen
fifteen sixteen sixteen can you help
Cinderella's friends put sixteen beads
on the string one two three four five
six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen sweet
sixteen that's a pretty necklace
let's count to 17 one two three four
five six seven eight nine ten eleven
twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen
seventeen
17 can you light up 17 lanterns with
Rapunzel one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen
seventeen way to go you counted 17
lanterns
let's count to 18 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 18 can you pop
18 bubbles with Dumbo 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 great bubble
popping you popped all 18
let's count to 19 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 19 oops
can you help Belle and the Beast put 19
books back on the shelves 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 nice
job 19 books are back on the bookshelf
let's count to 20
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen
fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen
nineteen Twenty twenty oh boy
can you help Mickey put 20 marbles in
the jar one two three four five six
seven eight
9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20
swell counting all 20 marbles are in the
jar